Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-programming-assignment-1-symbolic-differentiation-solution
<br>
Expert Systems / Heuristic ProgrammingRead Example: Symbolic Differentiation from the Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs by Abelson and Sussman. This describes writing a symbolic differentiation capability in Scheme. Remember that Racket is based on Scheme and the code should run with little modification in Racket.CSCI 4800 – UndergraduatesImplement the code discussed in the reading. Then, do the first two Exercises in the reading: (1) extend the basic differentiator to handle more kinds of expressions; and (2) extend the differentiation program to handle sums and products of arbitrary numbers of (two or more) terms.CSCI 5800 – GraduatesB-level grade. Same as above, but make the code extensible. That is, store the differentiator for a function in a (hash) table using the function name (e.g., + or *) as a key and provide a suitable syntax for defining a differentiator.A-level grade. B-level grade capability and separate out the simplification code from the differentiator code and provide a suitable syntax for defining a simplifier. Note that you only have to use information for a specific function to perform the simplification. That is, it may not be perfect, but it should be “good enough”.SpecificsAs well as the code and examples, provide a short write up on your program – particularly your solutions to the Exercises.Graduates may do just the CSCI 4800 problem with a C-level grade. It might be good to start with that anyway.Undergraduates may do the Graduate B-level problem for a bonus of up to 5 points or the Graduate Alevel problem for a bonus of up to 10 points. But, they will be graded with the strictness given to graduate-level work.